Docs revamp! (#705)
grafana/tempo: docs/tempo/website/configuration/multitenancy.md

- The way the read path is configured is temporary and should be much more straightforward once the [tempo-query dependency is removed](https://github.com/grafana/tempo/issues/382).

## Enabling Multitenancy

> To enable multitenancy on Tempo backend, simply set the following config value on all Tempo components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable multitenancy on Tempo backend, refer to the following config value on all Tempo components:
```

Author: I think the previous sentence was good here 👍
